Upright
A chivalrous person who is upright and unyielding sees the world in black and white.\\nTo eradicate evil, one must be thorough; to promote virtue, one must nurture it. Although the affairs of the world may change in myriad ways, the righteous path is always only this one！
With different aspirations, this is all we can do……
When the paths do not align, it is indeed difficult to force a union……
I have made up my mind, don't be soft-hearted……
Benevolence and kindness
Benevolence and righteousness are of exceptionally high and pure character.\\nOne can help the needy by sacrificing oneself and assist the world by forgetting oneself. One can repay resentment with virtue, akin to pure gold and uncut jade。
I only fear that you will harm others and yourself……
Take care of yourself……
I feel guilty towards you……
Moderation
The doctrine of the mean and non-action means to approach the world without bias.\\nIn everything, follow the natural course, seeking compromise and harmony. With less distinction between right and wrong in the heart, perhaps one can ultimately achieve the enlightened path？
There is a reason for everything, don't blame me……
Worldly affairs are always difficult to reconcile……
It is also unavoidable……
Rebellious
Rebellious individuals navigate the world with a narrow mindset, seeing everything in black and white. They do not laugh when they should laugh, do not rejoice when they should rejoice, do not show kindness when they should show kindness, do not change when they hear something bad, and do not feel joy when they hear something good。
And let me see the good show……
In this way, it becomes interesting……
Why don’t I go find some fun……
Only me
In this world, only I prevail, oppressing the weak, attacking others, colluding with the wicked, and deceiving the good.\\nTo achieve my goals, I will use any means necessary, valuing profit above all, without compassion or righteousness.\\n。
I find it difficult to work with you……
I'm just seeking another plan……
I have my own considerations about this matter……
