【Receipt: Den of Heretics】
After conquering the other paths and sending villagers to supervise, each time supplies are collected, there will be a local story discovered by the beggars…
After conquering the other bases and sending villagers to supervise, each time supplies are collected, a portion of the 'silver' income from the camp will be obtained…
After capturing this other faction's lair and sending villagers to supervise, each time supplies are collected, weapons from the bandit stronghold will be obtained…
【Harvest: Outside Path Nest】
When conquering the other sect's lair, you can obtain the corresponding sect's martial arts manuals…
After capturing the nest of the other faction and dispatching villagers to oversee it, it highlights the power of 'Taiwu,' allowing 'Taiwu' to continually gain 'prestige」…
When capturing this other path's lair, you can obtain a fellow with better skill qualifications…
Obtaining a 'Living Dead Medicine' when capturing the lair of this other path”…
【Inspiration: The Lair of Heretics】
Successfully conquering this otherworldly nest will make it easier to have moments of inspiration while studying books at the residence of the异士…
Successfully capturing this other den will yield better results when healing and detoxifying at the location of the evil person's death…
When capturing this other sect's lair, you can obtain a fellow practitioner with good martial arts talent…
Due to the influence of the cult, this place will continue to attract local people who have lost their minds…
Successfully subduing the otherworldly nest will make it easier to break through the techniques when at the location of the abandoned world…
【Assistance: Heroic Stronghold】
Subduing the external cave and sending villagers to assist the righteous in dealing with evil people can continually allow 'Taiwu' to gain 'experience」…
Conquer the other path's nest and send villagers to assist the heroes in aiding those in need, which can sustainably enable 'Taiwu' to acquire local 'resources」…
【Luminous: Heroic Stronghold】
With the help of a reclusive master, breaking through here will further increase the talent limit…
