Broken palm
If the enemy uses gauntlets to attack or unleash destructive techniques with this weapon, their ability to deflect force, dismantle moves, dodge, and maintain composure is reduced by 20%。
Broken Sword
If the enemy uses a sword to attack or perform destructive techniques, the enemy's ability to absorb force, deflect attacks, evade, and maintain focus is reduced by 20%。
Broken sword
If the enemy uses a knife to attack or perform a destructive technique, their force dissipating, skill dismantling, evasion, and mental defense are reduced by 20%。
Break the poison
If the enemy uses poison frost or poison sand to attack or unleash destructive techniques, the enemy's ability to absorb force, dismantle moves, dodge, and maintain composure is reduced by 20%。
Break the long spear
If the enemy uses a stick or a gun to attack or perform destructive techniques, their ability to deflect force, dismantle moves, evade, and maintain composure is reduced by 20%。
Broken Soft Soldier
If the enemy uses a long whip or a whisk to attack or perform destructive techniques, their ability to dissipate force, dismantle moves, evade, and maintain composure is reduced by 20%。
Break the hidden weapon
If the enemy uses mechanisms, hidden weapons, or needle boxes to attack or perform destructive techniques, the enemy's ability to neutralize force, dismantle moves, dodge, and guard the mind is reduced by 20%。
Breaking the Strange Gate
If the enemy uses talismans, daggers, or short clubs to attack or unleash destructive techniques, the enemy's ability to neutralize, counter, evade, and maintain composure is reduced by 20%。
Break the Demon Sound
If the enemy uses the flute or the yao qin to attack or unleash destructive techniques, their ability to neutralize force, dismantle attacks, dodge, and maintain their composure is reduced by 20%。
Broken gold
If the enemy uses armor made of metal to block the attack of this weapon or breaks the method, the enemy's resistance and energy will be reduced by 20%。
Broken wood
If the enemy uses bamboo or wooden armor to block this weapon's attack or disrupts the technique, the enemy's defense and energy will be reduced by 20%。
Shattered jade
If the enemy blocks the attack of this weapon with armor made of jade or breaks through the skill, the enemy's physical and energy defense is reduced by 20%。
Ripped brocade
If the enemy uses armor made of fabric to block this weapon's attack or disrupts the technique, the enemy's physical and energy defenses decrease by 20%。
Sharp
The armor penetration of this weapon is increased by 20%。
Fire Refining
The toughness of this weapon has increased by 20%。
Blood Blade
This weapon's armor penetration increases by 50%, while toughness decreases by 50%。
Clumsy
This weapon's toughness increases by 50%, armor penetration decreases by 50%。
Poison Tail
This weapon increases the poison damage to enemies by 20%。
Flexible use
The demand for the use of this weapon has decreased by 20%
Blood Kill
When attacking with this weapon or using it to unleash destructive techniques, if the weapon is damaged, the direct external damage received by the enemy increases by 30%。
Anger
When using this weapon to attack or execute destructive techniques, if the weapon is damaged, the direct internal injury inflicted on the enemy increases by 30%。
Transform Blood
When attacking with this weapon or using it to perform destructive techniques, the external damage received by the attacker is reduced by 20% due to recoil%。
Transform gas
When attacking with this weapon or using destructive techniques, the internal injury rebound damage received by the attacker is reduced by 20%。
Dispelling palm
If the enemy uses gauntlets to block attacks or break techniques, the enemy's strength, finesse, speed, and focus are reduced by 20%。
Draw the sword
If the enemy uses a sword, this armor reduces the enemy's strength, finesse, speed, and critical strike chance by 20% when blocking attacks or breaking techniques%。
Knife breaking
If the enemy uses a knife, this armor reduces the enemy's strength, skill, speed, and focus by 20% when blocking their attacks or breaking their techniques%。
Expel toxins
If the enemy uses poisonous frost or poison sand, this equipment can reduce the enemy's strength, finesse, speed, and focus by 20% when resisting their attacks or breaking their techniques%。
Expanding the army
If the enemy uses a stick or a gun to block the enemy's attack or break the technique with this armor, the enemy's strength, finesse, speed, and focus will be reduced by 20%。
Anti-soft soldiers
If the enemy uses a long whip or a dust whisk to defend against the enemy's attack or to break their technique, the enemy's strength, finesse, speed, and focus are reduced by 20%。
Countering hidden weapons
If the enemy uses traps, hidden weapons, or darts, this protective gear can reduce the enemy's power, finesse, speed, and effectiveness by 20% when blocking their attacks or disrupting their techniques%。
Open the strange gate
If the enemy uses talismans, thrusts, or short clubs to block attacks or disrupt techniques with this armor, the enemy's strength, finesse, speed, and focus are reduced by 20%。
Exorcism Sound
If the enemy uses a flute or a yāo qín to defend against the enemy's attack or to break their techniques, the enemy's power, finesse, speed, and focus are reduced by 20%。
Expel gold
If the enemy uses weapons made of gold and iron materials, using this armor to resist the enemy's attacks or to break through their techniques will reduce the enemy's body-breaking and energy-breaking by 20%。
Bimu
If the enemy uses weapons made of bamboo or wood, the damage dealt to their body and energy is reduced by 20% when using this protective gear to withstand or break their attacks or techniques%。
Open the jade
If the enemy uses weapons made of jade material, when using this armor to withstand the enemy's attacks or break their techniques, the enemy's body and energy damage are reduced by 20%。
To open up brocade
If the enemy uses weapons made of fabric material, this armor will reduce the enemy's body and Qi damage by 20% when blocking their attacks or breaking their techniques%。
Conceal the edge
The blade damage of this protective gear increases by 20%。
Snow Refined
The toughness of this protective gear has increased by 20%。
blood-stained clothes
The blade break of this protective gear increases by 50%, while toughness decreases by 50%。
Unyielding
The toughness of this armor increases by 50%, and blade breakage decreases by 50%。
This protective gear increases poison damage dealt to enemies by 20%。
The demand for the use of this protective gear has decreased by 20%
Guard the Blood
When using this armor to withstand enemy attacks or break their techniques, if the armor is damaged, the direct external damage caused by the enemy is reduced by 30%。
Protect Qi
When using this armor to withstand enemy attacks or to break their techniques, if this armor is damaged, the direct internal injury caused by the enemy is reduced by 30%。
Shock the blood
When using this protective gear to withstand an enemy's attack or to break a technique, the external damage caused to the attacker is increased by 20%。
Shock wave
When this protective gear withstands an enemy's attack or breaks a technique, the internal injury backlash damage caused to the attacker is increased by 20%。
Reinforcement
The durability of this equipment is increased by 20%。
Balance
The weight of this equipment is reduced by 20%。
Valuable
The value of this equipment increases by 30%。
Gift
The liking for this equipment increases by 30%。
Heavy
The durability of this equipment is increased by 50%, and the weight is increased by 50%。
Lightweight
The weight of this equipment is reduced by 50%, and its durability is reduced by 50%。
ritual vessel
The value of this equipment increases by 75%, and the popularity of this equipment decreases by 75%。
Rare treasures
The affection for this equipment increases by 75%, and the value of this equipment decreases by 75%。
Made by adoptive father
The power, finesse, and swiftness of this weapon increase by 20%; the durability of this weapon is enhanced by 100%。
Trial
The durability of this weapon is reduced by 50%, and the usage demand increases by 100%。
