Your Excellency, please choose what you prefer, and I shall act accordingly
What a pity, what a pity……
If one is knowledgeable and well-versed, why go to such great lengths？
Please make yourself comfortable
That would be good, do not regret it
Please advise
{0} Do you know the deeper meaning? What is your explanation?\\n？
{0} is so profound, do you really understand it?
{0} couldn't be easier; let me explain it to you。
{0} is so profound, I truly don't understand。
......
n......
Your skills are outstanding; I admit defeat
Your Excellency, this is……
As expected, my skills are still superior
In this way, have you heard about this matter……
Your Excellency truly understands reason
With your exceptional talent, you should be careful when navigating the world
What should be done about this matter? Your Excellency, just focus on honing your skills, there is no need for implications
One walks between heaven and earth; how can one lose dignity for such small gains
No, I am not a greedy person
（Focusing on the skill competition, there is no reaction）
I will not let you win just because you want to
Do you think this little thing can buy me off？
Do not trouble yourself, I have roamed the world for many years without ever making a mistake
Sorry to trouble you, but for now, it is best to focus on honing skills
What do you mean by that, Your Excellency? I am quite confused
This kind of deterrence is indeed laughable
You need to be cautious as you walk the rivers and lakes
Can your skills also be displayed in battle？
Your reputation precedes you; I am truly not your equal
I observe your skills, and they are unparalleled
Your skills amaze everyone; I admit defeat
Years of hard work have not been in vain
Do you remember what happened before？
Your Excellency is truly extraordinary. I wonder if these items can make things more convenient for you？
I advise you to assess the situation carefully to avoid unforeseen complications and disasters in the future
…
…
（The other party is thinking...）
