Qi sinks to the dan tian
Gain inner strength equivalent to 100% operation of Sundays every month。

Five Qi Regulate the Nutrients
Transfer is equivalent to the 100% internal force of the five elements attribute operating every Sunday of the month。

Unblock channels and promote circulation
Obtain a true energy equivalent to 100% of the weekly operation every Sunday。

Open the Qi Sea
Gain internal energy equivalent to 50% to 150% of a month's Sunday operation。

Shape Adjustment and Qi Activation
Transfer is equivalent to operating 50% to 150% of the internal energy attributes of the five elements every month on Sundays。

Conveying energy to the top
Obtain a true qi equivalent to 50% to 150% of the weekly operation of the week。

Eight vessels are full
Extra consumption of internal energy, obtaining internal energy equivalent to 200% of the monthly circulation of the Zhou Tian。

Wash the tendons and cleanse the marrow
Additional consumption of internal strength transfers the equivalent of 200% of monthly rotation of the internal strength's five elements attributes。

True power surging
Extra consumption of inner strength to obtain a zhou tian true energy equivalent to 200% of the monthly zhou tian operation。

Endless flow
Increase the internal strength gained from operating on Sundays each month。

Meridians are unblocked and vitality flows
Enhance the internal strength of the Five Elements attribute for the weekly rotation transfer every month。

Refining Qi and Regulating the Spirit
Increase the Sunday energy growth every month。

Endless inner whispers
Randomly increase the inner strength obtained from the operation on Sundays each month。

Rest and growth
Randomly increase the internal force elemental attributes for Sunday operations each month。

Operating the Extraordinary Meridians
Randomly increase the weekly vitality growth of weekly operations each month。

Clouds rise and springs flow
Extra consumption of internal power greatly increases the internal power gained from monthly cycles。

Response of Heaven and Man
Extra consumption of inner strength greatly enhances the elemental properties of inner strength transfer during the monthly cycle。

Meaning illuminates the spirit
Expend extra internal energy to significantly increase the growth of Zhoutian true qi each month。

Diamond Gas
If, during the operation of the Zhou Tian, the practitioner's inner strength attribute is already a non-repulsive 'Vajra', then the five-element attributes of the inner strength will no longer change。

Purple haze gas\n
If the internal power attribute of the practitioner is already 'Purple Glow', which does not clash with others, during the operation of the Zhou Tian, then the internal power's five elements attribute will no longer change。

Mystic Yin gas
If, during the operation of the Zhou Tian, the internal force attribute of the practitioner is already the 'Mysterious Yin' that does not clash, then the internal force's five-element attribute will no longer change。

Pure Yang Gas
If during the operation of the Zhou Tian cycle, the practitioner's internal energy attribute is already a 'pure Yang' that does not involve overcoming or clashing, then the internal energy's Five Elements attribute will no longer change。

Return to original gas
If during the circulation of the Zhou Tian, the practitioner's internal energy attribute has become the non-conflicting 'Return to Origin,' then the internal energy's five-element attributes will no longer change。

Primordial gas
If during the operation of the week, the practitioner's internal strength attribute has already reached the non-confrontational 'Hunyuan', then the internal strength's five elemental attributes will no longer change。

Turn soil into gold
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the internal energy's five elemental attributes during the original circulation with a fixed priority transfer from the 'Return to Origin' internal energy attribute to 'Vajra。

Raw water still turns to gold
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five-element attributes of internal energy during the original circulation of the body, changing to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Xuan Yin' internal energy attribute to 'Vajra。

Transforming wood into gold
Extra consumption of inner strength replaces the transfer of the inner strength element attributes during the original circulation of the Zhou Tian, converting it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Zixia' inner strength attribute to 'Vajra。

Transforming water into wood
Extra consumption of inner strength replaces the transfer of the Five Elements attributes of inner strength during the original circulatory operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'Xuan Yin' inner strength attributes to 'Zi Xia。

Start a fire with wood
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the elemental attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, changing to a fixed priority transfer from 'pure yang' internal energy attributes to 'purple haze。

Turning land into wood
Extra consumption of internal strength replaces the elemental attribute transfer of internal strength during the original circulatory movement, changing to a fixed priority transfer from 'Return to Origin' internal strength attribute to 'Purple Mist。

Transforming gold into water
Additional consumption of internal strength replaces the transfer of the internal strength's five elemental attributes during the original circulatory operation, changing to a fixed priority transfer from 'Diamond' internal strength attribute to 'Profound Yin。

Raw wood returns to water
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the internal energy's five elemental attributes during the original circulatory operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Purple Glow' internal energy attribute to the 'Mysterious Yin。

Turning fire into water
Extra consumption of internal energy substitutes the transfer of the internal energy's five-element attributes during the original cycle operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'pure Yang' internal energy attributes to 'mysterious Yin。

Fire from wood
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elemental attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, changing to a fixed priority transfer from 'Purple Mist' internal energy attribute to 'Pure Yang。

Raw earth returns to fire
Extra energy consumption replaces the transfer of the five elements attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'Returning to Origin' internal energy attributes to 'Pure Yang。

Transforming metal into fire
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elemental attributes of internal energy during the original circulatory system operation, changing to a fixed priority transfer from 'Diamond' internal energy attribute to 'Pure Yang。

Transforming fire into earth
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elements properties of internal energy during the original circulation of the Zhou Tian, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'pure Yang' internal energy attributes to 'return to origin。

Generate gold and return to the earth
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elemental attributes of internal energy during the original cycle operation, changing to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Vajra' internal energy attribute to 'Return to Origin。

Return water to soil
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five-element attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Mysterious Yin' internal energy attribute to 'Return to Origin。

Eliminate the void and restore the substance
Eliminate the effects that have already been generated during the circular operation and restore a certain level of stability based on the eliminated effects。

Return to the origin
Eliminate the effects that have already been generated during the weekly rotation。

