Qi sinks to the dantian
Gain energy equivalent to 100% of the weekly operation on Sundays each month。
I can faintly feel a wave of heat rising from my dantian, it’s very soothing……
Balancing the Five Emotions
Transferring is equivalent to 100% operation of inner strength's five elements attribute every Sunday of the month。
“The human body has five organs that correspond to the five energies... If the energies of the five elements are coordinated and operate harmoniously, the organs will naturally be in good condition……
Unblocking the meridians
Obtain the equivalent of 100% weekly celestial energy operating on Sundays every month。
Unclogging the meridians and alleviating obstructions can allow the authentic qi to flow freely……
Open the Qihai
Gain inner strength equivalent to 50% to 150% of the monthly operation on Sundays。
Opening the sea of qi, my internal power flows like hundreds of rivers converging into the sea, gathering in one place, ready for my use……
Adjusting shape to activate energy
The transfer equals 50% to 150% of the internal strength's five elemental attributes operating on Sundays each month。
“Lead with intention, guide with form, nourish with energy'... I should regulate the organs and maintain the smooth flow of the five energies……
Connect Qi to the crown
Obtain a weekly celestial energy equivalent to 50% to 150% of the monthly operations on Sundays。
By inhaling the air and allowing it to flow from the top of my head throughout my body, it may enhance my vital energy……
Eight meridians are full
Extra consumption of internal energy to gain an amount equivalent to 200% of the monthly rotation of the celestial cycle。
“Connecting through the acupuncture points, connecting through the meridians’...\\nThe pulse and energy are connected, naturally leading to abundant qi and blood, and rich internal strength……
Washing muscles and removing marrow
Excessive consumption of inner strength transfers an amount equivalent to 200% of the monthly operation of the internal energy's five elements。
The Qi of the five elements flows incessantly, like water washing over limbs and bones...\\nOver time, one will surely become light in body and healthy, with flexible muscles and bones……
True power turbulence
Extra consumption of internal energy to obtain a celestial qi equivalent to 200% of the monthly celestial circulation。
True energy surges throughout the body, akin to raging waves crashing against the shore, tumultuous and powerful……
Endless flow
Increase the internal power gained from operating on Sundays each month。
“The dantian is like a wellspring, the meridians like rivers...\\nWith the rivers flowing smoothly, internal strength naturally increases, running endlessly……
Unlocking meridians and promoting circulation
Improve the internal power of the five elements attributed to the operations transferred on Sundays each month。
Unclogging the meridians, invigorating the blood flow,\\nis akin to clearing the sediment from the channels, facilitating the nurturing of the five elemental energies……
Refining Qi and Regulating the Spirit
Increase the weekly true energy growth on Sundays every month。
“God does not wander outside; the vital energy is self-determined”...\\nThe stronger the spirit, the longer the true energy...\\n……
Endless internal breath
Randomly increase the internal strength obtained from the operation on Sundays each month。
A heart like clear water, free from distracting thoughts, \n internal breath grows like flowing water, unending and continuous……
Rest and growth
Randomly enhance the monthly Sunday operation's internal force five elements attributes。
Calm the mind and cease thoughts, rest and rejuvenate,\\nIn the space between breaths, the energy of the five elements flows more freely……
Operate the Wonderful Meridians
Randomly increase the weekly true energy growth of Sunday operations each month。
“The twelve regular meridians are like rivers, while the eight extraordinary vessels resemble lakes...\\nLakes store water, and true qi gradually grows……
Clouds rise and springs surge
Extra consumption of internal energy significantly increases the internal energy gained from the monthly operation of the zodiac。
The internal heat flow rises like clouds and air, and the spring water flows rushingly, obviously due to the mutual stimulation of my internal strength and the guidance of the energy mechanism……
Response of heaven and man
Extra consumption of inner strength greatly increases the elemental attributes of inner strength during the monthly run of the Week Star。
“Heaven and man are interconnected, yin and yang are in harmony\" ...\\nBy guiding internal energy to circulate the five energies, it is like teaching little fish to swim in the rivers and seas...\\n……
Meaning is clear, spirit is subtle
Extra consumption of internal energy significantly increases the growth of the monthly rotation of true qi。
“Cultivating a pure intention to nourish vital energy, spirit is refined and elegant’...\\nUsing internal force to guide the genuine energy flow, like water overflowing, receiving and issuing at will……
Diamond gas
If, during the operation of the Zhou Tian, the practitioner's internal energy attribute has already become the non-repulsive 'Vajra,' then the internal energy's five elemental attributes will no longer change。
Gather the golden energy of the west, transform its form, to adjust the breath……
Purple haze gas
If during the operation of the Zhou Tian, the practitioner's internal power attribute is the non-contradictory 'Purple Mist', then the internal power's five elemental attributes will no longer change。
Gather the spirit of the Eastern wood, with a twisted form, to conceal the gaze……
Mystical Yin Gas
If the internal energy attribute of the practitioner is 'Mysterious Yin' during the operation of the Zhou Tian cycle, then the internal energy's five elemental attributes will no longer change。
Gather the water vapors of the north and moisten the form below, to condense the resonance of the ear……
Pure Yang Gas
If, during the operation of the Zhou Tian, the practitioner's internal energy attribute is already the non-contradictory 'pure Yang', then the internal energy's five-element attribute will no longer change。
Gather the fiery energy of the Southern God, rise in flames, and seal the breath with silence……
Return to primal energy
If, during the operation of the Zhou Tian, the practitioner's internal energy attribute has already reached the non-conflicting 'Return to Origin', then the internal energy's five elemental attributes will no longer change。
Gather the essence of the land and the posture of farming to unite the limbs……
Hunyuan gas
If the practitioner's internal force attribute is already a non-conflicting 'Primordial' during the operation of the week, then the internal force's five-element attributes will no longer change。
Gathering the energy of yin and yang, merging into form, in order to comprehend the true shape……
Transforming earth into gold
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five-element attributes of internal energy during the original cycle, changing to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Return to Source' internal energy attribute to 'Diamond。
“The atmosphere of Middle-earth, the less yin gives birth to gold”...\\nIf we draw spleen qi into the lungs, it may be possible……
Raw water still yields gold
Extra consumption of internal force substitutes the transfer of internal force elemental attributes during the original cycle, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Xuan Yin' internal force attribute to 'Vajra。
“The moon generates water, returning energy to the less yin’... If we can guide the kidney energy into the lungs, perhaps……
Turning wood into gold
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five-element attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Purple Mist' internal energy attribute to 'Vajra。
“Yin and Yang are mutually restraining, and metal and wood are interchangeable...\\nIf liver Qi is directed into the lungs, it may be possible……
Transform water into wood
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the element attribute transfer during the operation of the original circulation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Xuanyin' internal energy attribute to 'Zixia。
“The Taiyin transforms into Qi, and the Shaoyang gives birth to Wood’…\\nIf the Kidney Qi is drawn into the Liver, it may be possible……
Start a fire
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elemental properties of internal energy during the original circulation with a fixed priority transfer from 'Pure Yang' internal energy property to 'Purple Mist。
“The sun ignites fire, and the Qi is less in the lesser yang’…\\nIf the heart Qi is directed into the liver, it may be possible……
Turning soil into wood
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the elemental attributes of internal energy during the original circulation of the meridians, changing to a fixed priority transfer from 'Return to Original' internal energy attribute to 'Purple Mist。
“Yin and Yang restrain each other, and earth and wood adjust each other... If one introduces anger into the liver, it might be……
Transform gold into water
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five-element attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, and is changed to a fixed priority transfer from 'Vajra' internal energy attributes to 'Xuan Yin。
“Lesser Yin transforms into Qi, Greater Yin generates water’…\\nIf we draw lung Qi into the kidneys, it may be possible……
Raw wood returns to water
Extra consumption of inner strength replaces the transfer of the five elemental attributes of inner strength during the original circulatory system operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Purple Haze' inner strength attribute to 'Profound Yin。
“Lesser yang produces wood, while it returns energy to the greater yin’…\\nIf liver energy is drawn into the kidneys, it may be possible…\\n……
Overcoming fire to become water
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of internal energy's five elemental attributes during the original cycle operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'pure Yang' internal energy attributes to 'mystical Yin。
“Yin and Yang interact, fire and water support each other...\\nIf you draw the heart's energy into the kidneys, it may be possible……
Wood turns into fire
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elements' attributes during the original circulatory operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'Zixia' internal energy attribute to 'Chunyang。
“The Lesser Yang transforms Qi, the Sun fires up’...\\nIf Liver Qi is directed into the Heart, it may be possible……
Return to the earth and reignite the fire
Extra consumption of inner strength replaces the transfer of the five-element attributes of inner strength during the original circulation with a fixed priority transfer from 'Return to Origin' inner strength attributes to 'Pure Yang。
“The center palace generates earth, and the breath returns to the sun’... If one draws the spleen's energy into the heart, it may be possible……
Turning gold into fire
Extra consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elemental attributes of internal energy during the original circuit operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'Vajra' internal energy attribute to 'Pure Yang。
“Yin and yang restrain each other, metal and fire combine...\\nIf lung qi is drawn into the heart, it may be possible……
Transforming fire into earth
Extra consumption of inner strength replaces the transfer of the Five Elements attributes of inner strength during the original circulation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'Pure Yang' inner strength attributes to 'Return to Origin。
“The sun transforms qi, and the rushing qi generates soil’...\\nIf one draws the heart qi into the spleen, it may be possible……
Turn gold back to earth
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elements attribute of internal energy during the original circulatory operation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from the 'Vajra' internal energy attribute to 'Returning to Origin。
“Lesser Yin generates Metal, returning Qi to Earth”... If we draw Lung Qi into the Spleen, it may be possible……
Conserve water and restore soil
Additional consumption of internal energy replaces the transfer of the five elements' attributes of internal energy during the original circulation, changing it to a fixed priority transfer from 'Xuan Yin' internal energy attribute to 'Gui Yuan。
“Yin and Yang restrain each other, water and soil blend together... If we guide kidney energy into the spleen, it may be possible……
Remove the虚 and return to the实
Eliminate the effects that have already operated in the cycle of the week, and restore a certain level of stability based on the eliminated effects。
“Remove the clutter to return to the true and settled... Now the air of superficiality has completely dissipated, and the mind is greatly at peace……
Return to the original source
Eliminate the effects of the operations that have already occurred in the operation cycle。
Purify the body and mind, return to the true self, everything returns to its original form……
