Recite aloud and contemplate in the heart
Increase the reading progress of this chapter。
“Concentrate with single-mindedness, recite with your mouth and contemplate with your heart”... What is spoken with the mouth and thought with the heart should be unforgettable at a glance。
Walking thoughts and sitting memories
Improve the reading efficiency of this book。
This article states, should it be this way? Hmm... or this way? Hmm...\\nEh? How did I end up standing here?\\n？
Seeing and knowing alone
Randomly increase the reading progress of this book。
Although this insight is clever, in my opinion, it may not be without omissions……
Brilliant ideas
Randomly improve the reading efficiency of this book。
“A fishing boat with two young children, they stop the poles and sit in the boat.\\nStrange, without rain, they open the umbrella, not to shield their heads but to catch the wind。”
Draw a tiger by copying a cat
The reading strategies that have already been added to this book's chapters for increasing reading progress are effective again。
This article is profound and far-reaching, quite difficult to understand.\\nHowever, if interpreted according to the previous texts, it is undoubtedly correct……
Searching for a steed by following a picture
Make the existing reading strategies in this book double their effectiveness in improving reading efficiency。
Well... according to the book, this sentence or this meaning?\\nIndeed, it's correct……
Searching for phrases and sentences
Additional wear and tear significantly increases the reading progress of this book。
“The divine pen of the master, every word a pearl’... This should be the finishing touch……
Containing English and savoring Chinese
Extra wear and tear affects the durability of this book, significantly improving the reading efficiency of this chapter。
This article contains the essence of the entire text and needs to be read carefully and pondered deeply……
Review the old and know the new
Using the completed readings can increase the progress of the subsequent readings of non-lost books that have not been completed。
“To learn and to practice it at the right time, to review the old and know the new”……
Integrate and understand comprehensively
This book, upon completion of reading, can improve the reading efficiency of subsequent books。
If this article can be corroborated with other articles, it is likely that everything will become clear。
The Pillow Sutra
Significantly increase the reading pace of this book。
“Excellence is achieved through diligence, while it is ruined by laziness...\\nOne must not have even the slightest inclination towards idleness……
Ten lines together
Significantly improve the reading efficiency of this chapter。
“One glance down reveals three hundred characters, yet within my heart, there is not a speck of dust”……
Spring recitation, summer strings
The perceptual consumption when using study strategies for this book is reduced by 10 points, but this book cannot gain experience。
“Teach according to the material and adapt to circumstances...\\nIt may achieve twice the result with half the effort……
Deliberate evolution
The insight consumption when using reading strategies for this book decreases by 10 points。
So... this way... With this interpretation, it indeed connects the past and the future, and becomes clearly understood……
Understood in the heart
Eliminate all the study strategies used in this book chapter, and restore a certain level of insight based on the eliminated study strategies。
This solution... truly has its tricks!\\nLet me break down every word of this article……
Reflecting on past thoughts
Eliminate all the study strategies used in this chapter。
Reading a hundred times, its meaning will naturally become clear……
Swallowing whole jujubes
This book will not be read, but it will reduce the efficiency of reading subsequent chapters。
This section can be skipped for now, let's take a look at the next chapter……
Great wisdom appears as foolishness
This book will not be studied。
This article is ambiguous and difficult to understand at the moment.\\nIt's better to silently remember the summary; even if you can't understand it, knowing more words is still good.\\n。
Foster father's note\\n
Increase the study progress of the 'Heavenly Pivot's Mysteries' taught by the adoptive father。
“This article has been carefully annotated by my adoptive father, and the mysteries within are naturally laid bare……”
