“I am already aware of this matter, no need to mention it again……”
“Hearsay is not convenient to discuss……”
“One side of the story, it is not convenient to say much……”
“At this point, there is nothing more I can do……”
“This matter is truly heartbreaking……”
“Life is often unsatisfactory, eight or nine out of ten times……”
“Why talk about these unpleasant things……”
“With things having come to this point, there is no need for further words……”
“Sorrowful laments are also of no use...”\n……”
“Just hope not to cause others trouble……”
“Such is the will of heaven, we can do nothing about it……”
“Just a small matter, why bring it up again……”
“Such trivial matters, I don't take to heart……”
“Evil has reached its peak, and thus this punishment must be inflicted……”
“Evil will be rewarded with evil……”
“Cause and effect cycle, retribution is inexorable……”
“Deserved it……”
“Hmph, very good……”
“It's not that I won't report... the time has not yet come……”
“Still hoping that heaven opens its eyes, so that the petty people do not gain power……”
“It's just a temporary stroke of luck……”
“Such a boring topic, you come to talk with me？”
“Do not stain my ears with this matter……”
“Once evil deeds are done, heaven and earth can no longer tolerate them……”
“Harming others only brings disaster upon oneself; when the situation arises, it ultimately harms oneself……”
“Such heinous acts are indeed a violation of heavenly principles……”
“Loss of face……”
“Such a bold dog……”
“Body crooked and shadow slanted, absolutely no good intentions……”
“Who knows what kind of malice is hidden inside……”
“Unexpected events often lead to disaster……”
“Really well done performance……”
“Such a method, who has it deceived……”
“Having received such kindness, I will never dare to forget！”
“The kindness of a single drop of water should be repaid with a fountain of gratitude……”
“Give and take, kindness must be repaid……”
“When it is done out of one's own volition, I have not asked for it……”
“How dare you ask me to accept this favor? I am unwilling to be in debt to anyone……”
“Deep hatred, unable to coexist under the same sky！”
“If this revenge is not avenged, there will be no justice in the heavens……”
“A gentleman avenges himself; ten years is not too late……”
“This humiliation will definitely be repaid tenfold……”
“I swear to take revenge for this grudge, or I will never be human！”
“Blood of the father, flesh of the mother, greater than heaven……”
“The love of parents is the deepest and heaviest in the world……”
“Of all virtues, filial piety is the most important……”
“Benevolence and filial piety are mere empty ceremonies and count for nothing……”
“If my parents can assist me, then they naturally have their merits……”
“Do you still have a sense of shame……”
“How can you even speak of such evil deeds！”
“Such unpleasant matters need not be constantly brought up……”
“It's quite rare to see someone as unabashed as you……”
“To dare to act is to dare to take responsibility, you do have some courage……”
“With a sincere heart, the righteous spirit is never lost……”
“This matter is concerning, what happened afterwards……”
“Where there is loss, there should also be gain……”
“This matter is so interesting, please tell me more about it！”
“Due to inadequate strength, there were these losses……”
“I will reflect on myself and will not have such a loss again……”
“This matter is distressing, and I do not want to remember it all the time……”
“Everything has two sides……”
“I have long forgotten about this matter……”
“Such trivial matters, how could they possibly affect me in the slightest……”
“Unexpected joy cannot last long……”
“This matter is very good, and I am also very happy……”
“Good fortune and bad fortune are intertwined when the time is right……”
“I don't know how much luck was used up this time……”
“It's just a stroke of luck; what is there to say……”
“Not delighted by external things, nor saddened by oneself……”
“I wish to enjoy with everyone……”
“Times change, and I simply go with the flow……”
“I was born fortunate, envy that others cannot attain……”
“This matter is beneficial to me, but it's still not enough……”
“Since there is ability, it should be used for the right purpose……”
“Such a capable person, worthy of praise and admiration……”
“In troubled times, many heroes emerge……”
“Hmph, it's nothing special, why make such a fuss？”
“Such ability, truly a talent……”
“Thank you for the concession, it is not worth mentioning……”
“Good luck is nothing to brag about……”
“The way of heaven rewards diligence, and there is reason for it……”
“I still have many tricks up my sleeve……”
“I can prevail, and it is only natural……”
“The heavens' net is vast and wide, yet nothing escapes it……”
“This fact truly should not be, causing me great heartache……”
“Right and wrong have no absolutes……”
“This matter made me miss it, how regrettable……”
“Those who achieve great things do not get bogged down by trifles……”
“This matter should not be mentioned again. I am already ashamed and find it hard to bear……”
“A single misstep can lead to eternal regret; how I wish I could repent……”
“This fact is... unavoidable……”
“Don't be surprised by the strange; the strange will defeat itself……”
“If not, how would others know my methods……”
“If not for deserving the punishment, it would not have come to such an end……”
“God has eyes……”
“When will the grievances be repaid……”
“Where can you find someone who is perfectly clean in every way……”
“Showing off strength, brave but lacking strategy……”
“Evil clowns, everyone must hunt them down……”
“To eliminate harm for the people, there's no other way……”
“Karma is hard to escape, you reap what you sow……”
“It’s only right that I’m not happy……”
“Those who follow me shall live, and those who oppose me shall perish……”
“I only hope this child can uphold the righteous path and eliminate treachery……”
“The world is perilous; I only hope this child does not lose their kindness because of it……”
“May this child be free from illness and disaster, and have a smooth life……”
“Okay, let me see if this child is fun to play with……”
“I wonder if this child will achieve something in the future……”
“Being a parent, one should lead by example……”
“Children are inherently good; may they maintain their nature from beginning to end……”
“Only hope the child is safe and well……”
“Although it's cute, it brings a lot of trouble……”
“My child, you should soar with the wind and sway with the clouds, rising straight up to ten thousand miles！”
“Only by acting this way can one be considered a gentleman……”
“With a kind heart, there must be a good reward……”
“With great virtue comes great responsibility, it is indeed so……”
“Following rules and regulations, incredibly dull……”
“Whispers and rumors can also be a form of support……”
“The mind for right and wrong is something everyone has……”
“Restraining oneself and returning to propriety, never losing benevolence and righteousness……”
“Raising a hand is a small effort, hardly worth mentioning……”
“Just a fleeting whim, that's all……”
“Accumulating virtue and building reputation can lead to great achievements……”
“This kind of inappropriate behavior is truly outrageous！”
“Perhaps there is some hidden truth behind this……”
“Such disregard for propriety and law may invite criticism from the world……”
“Only in this way can one be true to their nature……”
“In troubled times, one discusses people based on their talents rather than their virtues……”
“This matter is due to my shortcomings in virtue, no need to mention it again……”
“I feel guilty and have no place to hide……”
“The will of Heaven plays tricks on people, so one can only go with the flow……”
“I am happy to do so, what could be wrong with that？”
“This matter has nothing to do with others; I have my own plans……”
“To act as a knight and help those in need, indeed shows deep feelings and righteousness……”
“Supporting the needy and helping those in distress is a great virtue……”
“Self-sacrifice for others, with sentiment and righteousness……”
“That's right, this is exactly 'sharing blessings and facing difficulties together’！”
“Only such people are worthy of trust……”
“To act in this way is truly not what a gentleman would do……”
“This kind of situation, I cannot bear to see……”
“Right and wrong, all should not act this way……”
“I just can't stand this kind of behavior！”
“To be my enemy, you must have miscalculated！”
“Knowing one's mistakes and being able to correct them is the greatest virtue……”
“It's not too late to mend the fold after the sheep are lost……”
“To err is human; who can be without faults……”
“Life in the world is just following one's heart！”
“Those who achieve great things have no fear of making mistakes？”
“I have completely changed my ways……”
“Previously, my actions were indeed inappropriate, and I will definitely find a way to make amends……”
“Everything should be valued for its harmony; I do not wish to create disputes again……”
“I previously had little interest, but I have changed my mind！”
“Since it is of no benefit to me, it would be better to stop here……”
“If one has a gentleman as a friend, it is also a good thing……”
“If one can be kind to others, it should be a good thing……”
“Many friends mean many paths……”
“As long as it doesn't go against one's true feelings, one can do as one wishes……”
“It seems... there might be some use for it……”
“If we can together uphold justice, then that would be a good thing……”
“Everything is precious when in harmony, and thus I also feel joy……”
“All men are brothers under heaven……”
“My intention is such, and that is a good thing！”
“One day you may be able to assist me with one or two things……”
“Once you have a good partner, you should follow them through life and death, unwavering in your commitment……”
“To become a pair of fish, what is there to fear death for; I wish to be a mandarin duck, not envying immortals……”
“A perfect match is destined, the mystery of fate……”
“Still carefree and living alone……”
“With two people of one mind, what great matter cannot be accomplished？”
“Mutual sympathy and longing, double the intimacy; one life, one generation, one pair of people……”
“To have this one hearted person, I only wish to never part in old age……”
“Two hearts in mutual affection, understanding and supporting each other……”
“Along with the swan and mandarin duck, my heart is delighted and longing, only hoping to be together forever without separation……”
“Only the one who can match me, the only one！”
“When befriending righteous gentlemen, one should not associate with wicked people……”
“As long as you accumulate virtues and do good deeds, it doesn't matter who you associate with……”
“Having friends with others is naturally better than being enemies with them……”
“As long as we are like-minded, who in the world cannot be a friend？”
“One can only fear knowing a person's face but not their heart……”
“Eight bows to become brothers, we must share life and death together……”
“Only wish to be close at heart, to share life and death……”
“With love and loyalty, one is naturally worth befriending……”
“To have a confidant in life is to die without regrets！”
“With this, I will surely be able to achieve great things……”
“To care for the young and rescue the orphaned is indeed a righteous act……”
“Amidst the turmoil of the rivers and lakes, we can still rely on each other……”
“In the bustling world, familial connections are hard to come by……”
“Isn't this just adding many burdens unnecessarily？”
“Since that's the case, it must be useful……”
“From now on, we should uphold the right path and not disgrace our family name……”
“From then on, it was the bond of marriage with Shi Jin, and I was very happy……”
“With this, I will no longer be like a drifting water plant……”
“I just feel that this is not a bad thing, that's all……”
“This is indeed very beneficial for me……”
“Those who are joyful,善良, and charitable will surely be rewarded！”
“Plant good causes, reap good results; it should be like this……”
“Such a good deed can be passed down as a beautiful tale……”
“Oh? Since you're free, why not come and help me a bit？”
“Though this is the case, I wonder if there are other schemes at play……”
“A trivial matter, not worth mentioning……”
“An easy task, no need to say……”
“When the time is right, it should be up to me to make the effort……”
“Just a momentary impulse, nothing much to say……”
“You do not know my deep plans and careful considerations……”
“What are the reasons behind the rights and wrongs？”
“If there are difficulties, there's nothing that can be done……”
“Everything has its own destiny, it's better to go with the flow……”
“Such carefree and unrestrained behavior makes me regard you a little more highly！”
“If there are no ulterior motives, then so be it……”
“This matter has its own reasoning, there is not much to say……”
“Although I feel apologetic, I also have my difficulties……”
“I am weak and cannot benefit the world, so I can only improve myself……”
“I am unwilling, so what？”
“I could not so easily fulfill the wishes of others……”
“To avoid unnecessary controversy, this matter should not be mentioned again……”
“If this matter becomes widely known, it is bound to give rise to misunderstandings; it is better to keep it hidden in one’s heart……”
“Whether it's true or false, it's better not to speak of it……”
“If I cannot keep my mouth shut, I definitely will not let it go easily……”
“Dare to discuss this matter again, and you will have your time of regret！”
“How can this be possible!" Upon hearing this, <Character key=CharacterId str=Name/> was instantly filled with uncontrollable anger and charged straight towards <Character key=RoleTaiwu str=Name——
“This matter is clear-cut; it would be better to release this person and submit it to the judgment of the crowd……”
“Confinement and imprisonment are indeed cruel; it's better to release them at this point……”
“This person still has a conscience; perhaps I can persuade him……”
“This person is not very interesting; it’s better to let him go early and get a new toy instead……”
“How about giving this person a break for my sake……”
“This person is full of evil, if he is handed over to me, I will surely deliver a just judgment……”
“This person is indeed guilty, I may be able to persuade him to repent……”
“This person has always had a grudge against me; I'm not sure if he can be entrusted to me……”
“I intended to handle this person myself, but unfortunately……”
“This person has a deep grudge against me; it's better to leave this to me to handle……”
“……Do you really treat me like this...?!’ \n\n<color=#lightgrey>(<Character key=CharacterId str=Name/> cannot accept this matter and has severed the romantic relationship with <Character key=RoleTaiwu str=Name/>...)</color>\n>
“Having realized the mistake and repented, I hope to remember it in my heart forever……”
“Only wish for a parting with mutual understanding, never to harbor grievances again……”
“Looking back now, it’s not too late……”
“How it will be after this is still unknown……”
“The human heart is fickle, just as I expected……”
“Heartless and indifferent, it is all my fault……”
“I may not wish to let each other down, but the affairs of the world are ever-changing, and it is ultimately difficult to achieve both……”
“With fate and no affinity, it is destined to be this way……”
“Just a momentary impulse, why take it seriously……”
“A marriage contract on paper does not hinder the bond between you and me……”
“That being said, how could I not remember old恩……”
“Such a result is not without my fault……”
“With people’s hearts being this way, I too am helpless……”
“I am unwilling to let go like this……”
“How dare you treat me like this, how can it end well……”
“Now that it has come to this, I should let go of my obsession……”
“I am heartbroken, please do not mention it again……”
“Everyone has their own ambitions, it's hard to force them……”
“This kind of uninteresting person, I can't look up to……”
“Hmph, truly a lack of insight in recognizing people……”
“Since there are grievances, we should part on good terms……”
“Countless sorrows, perhaps could be shared with me……”
“Marriage fate is predetermined and cannot be forced……”
“Strongly paired mandarin ducks, it should have been like this long ago……”
“If we could be together as a couple, why would we need to compromise and seek completeness……”
“To deceive my disciples is like deceiving the master and the gate……”
“Such means are truly vicious……”
“Traveling the rivers and lakes, take care above all……”
“Even entering my door is still an opportunity for others, truly a sign of lack of skill in learning……”
“Dare to offend my disciples at the door, and you shall face a thousand deaths……”
